software should cover up for inspection hello or getting ready for deployment
getting ready for a hobby you getting ready for restoration
you can go out and do the mission this is how do you help the T. ready
for that level one the present I do not slow fall off you know the
weekend before the Monday inspection be a while the wall your dad
so you want for example lots of only at the time I did as a as a captain
I walked the decks I had a radiological inspection following up
and walk through my entire building everything is good to go everything's
label yeah did I know that the contractors were coming in two
eight all yeah that weekend low noise about what happens removed and
exterior signage interest signage follow the rules so Monday morning
for the radiological inspection she also went in seat on Friday with
my own eyes I felt because we don't have the radiological inspections
rooms designated because the contractors to decide that yeah which
folders that that would be more okay so you're the captain to keep
warning that you expect when you inspect **** I've got it on Sunday
afternoon well yeah I could have done that do we fix things that
we ultimately repaired and have a great expansion yeah yeah but if
you are not pleasant if you do not walk with spaces you are at risk
okay and it's better to walk the spaces with your TV the personnel that
are going to be showing off the spaces so the dry run and you will
have a driver one for inspection as we can remember so what do you
tell inspectors on who shows up that you're just asking a question
you wanna know way with that will allow you to evaluate the team members
knowledge experience training level and is she ready for the inspections